Dev: document unit abbreviations for c++ (#6826)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/style-guide.rst

    float course_deg;

Abbreviations
-------------

Variables that reference units of measure should normally be suffixed so that it's easier to 
understand the values when reading the code.

> In general no suffix is required when a variable is in SI units such as seconds, meters, but its 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general no suffix is required when a variable is in `SI units <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units>`__ such as seconds, meters, etc. but its 
```

Author: done

not wrong to include it for _m, _s and otherwise these suffixes should be used in any new code.

.. list-table:: Standard name suffixes for Units
   :widths: 25 25 25 25 75
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Measure
     - Unit
     - Preferred Suffix
     - Deprecated Suffix
     - Comments
   * - Distance
     - meter
     - _m or none
     - 

>      - No suffix is preferred for SI units, but _m is allowed for safety/clarity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Using no suffix is preferred for SI units, but _m is allowed for safety/clarity
```

Author: done

   * - Distance 
     - centimeter
     - _cm
     - 
     - 
   * - Velocity
     - meters/second
     - _ms
     - _mps
     - Overloaded with milliseconds
   * - Velocity
     - centimeters/second
     - _cms
     - 
     - 
   * - Acceleration
     - meters/second/second
     - _mss
     - 
     - Acceleration
   * - Acceleration
     - centimeters/second/second
     - _cmss
     - 
     - 
   * - Time
     - seconds
     - _s
     - 
     - 
   * - Time
     - milliseconds
     - _ms
     - 
     - Overloaded with meters/second
   * - Time
     - microseconds
     - _us
     - 
     - 
   * - Angle
     - degrees 
     - _deg
     - _d
     - Angular Measurement
   * - Angle
     - centi-degrees 
     - _cd
     - _cdeg
     - Angular Measurement - often used internally
   * - Angle 
     - radians
     - _rad
     - 
     - Angular Measurement, preferred for internal variables
   * - Angluar Velocity
     - degrees/second
     - _degs
     - 
     - Angular Change/Second
   * - Angular acceleration
     - degrees/second/second

>      - _dss

Reviewer 2: I have been using
acceleration : degss
jerk: degsss

Author: There are only two examples of _degss, but a much larger number of _dss

    float course_deg;

> Abbreviations

Reviewer 3: Let's make the title something like, "Preferred Units" or "variable suffix for units"

Author: Preferred Abbreviations for Units

-------------

Variables that reference units of measure should normally be suffixed so that it's easier to 
understand the values when reading the code.

> In general no suffix is required when a variable is in `SI units <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units>`__ 
> such as seconds, meters, but its not wrong to include it for _m, _s. Otherwise these suffixes listed below

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
No suffix is required when a variable is in seconds, meters, or (angular degrees), degrees-Celsius.
```

Author: done

     - Acceleration
   * - Acceleration
     - centimeters/second/second
     - _cmss
     - 
     - 
   * - Time
     - seconds
     - _s
     - 
     - 
   * - Time
     - milliseconds
     - _ms
     - 
     - Overloaded with meters/second
   * - Time
     - microseconds
     - _us
     - 
     - 
   * - Angle
     - degrees 
     - _deg
     - _d
     - Angular Measurement
   * - Angle
     - centi-degrees 
     - _cd
     - _cdeg
     - Angular Measurement - often used internally
   * - Angle 
     - radians
     - _rad
     - 
     - Angular Measurement, preferred for internal variables
   * - Angluar Velocity
     - degrees/second
     - _degs
     - 
     - Angular Change/Second
   * - Angular acceleration
     - degrees/second/second
     - _degss
     - _dss
     - Angular acceleration
   * - Jerk
     - degrees/second/second/second
     - _degsss
     - 
     - 
   * - Angular Velocity
     - radians/second
     - _rads
     - 
     - Angular Change/Second
   * - Angular acceleration
     - radians/second/second
     - _radss
     - 
     - Angular acceleration
   * - Force
     - Newtons
     - _n
     - 
     - 
   * - Torque
     - Newton meters
     - _nm
     - 

>      - SI uses Newton Meters for torque

Reviewer 3: let's not list units that we don't use

Author: removed
